* ahem * Ok so... failing to sugarcoat what was going on with the new animatronics last night sort of got me fired. But I don't fucking care. This place is a hellhole. I won't be here tomorrow, but I'll be sure to inform you what I DO know about tomorrow's shipments in tonight's call. So starting off, there was a fourth animatronic intended to ship out last night, but it didn't meet the requirements. It's being shipped out tonight, you can repel it with the mask like the others.... if it's all in one piece. See, what I mean is, this new animatronic is.. clunky, and unstable. It doesn't stay together well. So if you hear some sort of metal clang, be SURE to look for it and pick it up. Now, something different about this animatronic and a few you might see tomorrow night is that, well, to put it simply, their cloaking technology doesn't work. This means you can see them at all times, so hopefully you shouldn't have too much trouble sending them back. Alright what else... of course! The ballerina, I think she acts standard for the most part, but is VERY sensitive to noise, moving around too much might trigger her in unexpected ways. But to combat this, we've given you a movement tracker to ensure you know your level of danger at all times with her. Oh and another thing, if she ends up dropping anything like the other animatronic, be sure to pick it up too. I don't think you'll need it to deal with her, but having them lay around * may * sort of fuck over your noise meter. Last animatronic for tonight is the clown. Man I could never stand looking at that thing- and apparently for good reason. If it ever shows up, at all, just DON'T keep eye contact, please. As I said there's a few shipments I know of coming tomorrow. One of them has some glitch with their eye colorizer which you can use to your advantage, and the other is a bit of a trickster. Pay CLOSE attention to them, because I myself don't know much beyond that point. Oh, and one other thing, if you think anything might be... outside your doors, for some reason, be sure to hold up a second and be safe. I don't know anything about that, but there's been reports of deep breathing carried out by unknown creatures in the neighborhood, better safe than sorry. I best be going, better places to be than this hellhole.